y. MOR

Fy 77 ince the dawn of history man has searched for the answer to the most
§ fundamental of questions: “Why am I here -.; not banging chicks?” The
tA search is over. Now, with the help of The Playbook, you'll be able to approach

“any beautiful woman, discover her innermost passion, and use that to trick
y, Pi

her into sleeping with you, You'll master more than 75 seduction techniques, developed

bona fide ladi

man.

flam, stratagem, and bamboozle I've ever used or ever hope to use to pick up chicks,
and give them the business. Now, in an act of selfless charity, I’m passing this trea-

“ sure of pleasure on to you as an easy-to-follow guide.” ;
ci te~ Barney Stinson, from the Introduction

“Before reading The Playbook | had zero success with ladies. Suddenly it’s like I have to

beat them off witha stick, Thanks, Barney!”
| Dee Jim Rehards, recent $83 million Powerball winner
; == and penile enhancement surgery recipient

“TE a total stranger tried any of these plays on me, I’d totally have sex with him.”
{ Z tee Barnelia Stinson typical woman
“Some people ask what The Playbook has in common with the Constitution. I ask
what does it now” ae 6 one of the Kennedys, probably

ay s About Barney, by Barney

BARNEY STINSON has-slept with countless women yet has never had a pregnancy

scare he’s legally aware of. When not explaining how to be awesome on his popular web-

site, www-barneysblog.com, Barney enjoys modeling underwear; bottling one of his 83

really sells “vulnerable” when accompanied by a Sarah McLachlan song.

1S Watch how i met your mother on Mondays at 8/7c¢ on CBS “wm

AUDIO AND EBOOK EDITIONS ALSO AVAILABLE
3 * | MEET THE AUTHORS, WATCH VIDEOS AND MORE AT
“= | SimonandSchuster.com

Touchstone | TNESOURCE FOR READING GROUPS.

=

‘COVER DESIGN BY THOMAS NE

by pickup gurt and all-around good guy Barney Stinson, guaranteed to turn you into a

= tp =a

i
Wie
“Contained within these pages are every scam, con, hustle, hoodwink, gambit, flim-

wine labels; and being photographied with orphans, abandoned puppies, or anything that

‘Sl

j

